fix: ensure bounds vmaps as best as possible, more equinox errors, types for `__eq__`, `_BoundsD/I`, and `_PositionD/I` (#250)
GalSim-developers/JAX-GalSim: docs/sharp-bits.rst

the code raising generic ``Exception`` instances instead of more specific ``GalSim`` exceptions in
some cases.

Object Comparison with the ``==`` Operator
------------------------------------------

In JAX-GalSim, all objects which define arrays to be traced by JAX will return JAX boolean
array scalars (i.e., ``jax.numpy.array(True)`` or ``jax.numpy.array(False)``) as the result

> of the ``==`` operator, otherwise they return Python boolean values. Important cases of this

Author: ```suggestion
of the ``==`` operator. Otherwise the return value is a Python boolean. Important cases of this
```

> rule are static ``BoundsI`` objects and ``Interpolant`` objects (and their subclasses), which

Author: ```suggestion
rule are static ``BoundsI`` objects, ``Interpolant`` objects (and their subclasses), and ``GSParams`` objects, all of which
```
